docs: clarify objectId mapping and AUDIT_REST_02 revocation actions (#992)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/signal-hub-endpoint.rst

  - For each Signal, the Credential Issuer MUST check the ``SignalType`` value:
    

>     - if the Signal ``SignalType`` is ``UPDATE`` (where ``objectId`` refers to the **Digital Credential unique identifier**), the status and/or value of the attribute associated with a Digest Credential need updates;

Reviewer: The `objectId `is an identifier set by the Authentic Source and related to the set of attributes it possesses. The issuer knows it when it invokes the GetAttributeClaims PDND e-service, which is when the Credential doesn't yet exist. The Authentic Source doesn't know whether the Credential issued will be accepted by the user or later rejected. Therefore, we cannot use a "Digital Credential unique identifier".

Author: I agree with your point: the `objectId` must indeed refer to the **Authentic Source's database identifier**, as the Digital Credential might not even exist yet when the ID is first generated.
This definition also perfectly fits the workflow I had in mind:
1. In a **CREATE** scenario (where the `objectId` might not yet be known by the Issuer), the `JTI` acts as a temporary correlation ID.
2. Once the attributes are retrieved, the Issuer stores the `objectId`.
3. Consequently, for any **UPDATE** (which is what this line refers to), the Issuer can correctly 'hook' the signal using the identifier provided by the Authentic Source, exactly as you described.

I will update the text with your suggested wording.

>     - if the Signal ``SignalType`` is ``UPDATE`` (where ``objectId`` refers to the **Digital Credential unique identifier**), the status and/or value of the attribute associated with a Digest Credential need updates;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - if the Signal ``SignalType`` is ``UPDATE`` (where ``objectId`` refers to the **Authentic Source's unique database identifier of the Digital Credential's attributes**), the status and/or value of the attribute associated with a Digital Credential need updates;
```
